So. anyway. of course.
now the guy's on top of me
going at it. you know.
T-shirt's still on
'cause his breasts
are bigger than mine.
And I told him... What?
I was jealous.
So anyway. the dummy
starts asking me questions.
"Are you close?
Are you close?"
I'm like. "Yeah.
Yeah. I'm close.
I'm close."
I'm close to getting
a buzzcut. a flannel shirt.
and finally accepting
Melissa Etheridge's dinner invite!
And I'm Deborah Vance.
Goodnight. Las Vegas!
- Great show.
- Thank you.
Love these
new heels.
Yeah. let's use them
this Friday night.
let's put a little tread
on the bottom.
- Copy.
- I almost slipped.
I knew these earrings
were gonna be too heavy.
- Ahh.
- I was right.
- Towel?
- No thanks. sweetie.
So. Bill.
how'd they do?
Couldn't cover the fuckin' spread.
I'm out two grand.
Hoo-hoo.
Good luck with Beverly.
You sleep on the couch
more than my dogs do.
- Hey. Deb.
- Lookin' good. ladies.
- They want us wheels up in 25.
- I'll be quick.
And after
the taping tomorrow.
I got QVC to give us
a studio space
to shoot
the Christmas album cover.
Ooh. love it.
Also. Damien has
some historic news.
- eBay is my bitch.
- No.
The verdure tapestry
is yours.
Oh. yes! That's
what I like to hear.
- Great show. Deb.
- Thanks. baby.
- Car's out front.
- Okay.
Let's party.
Aw. did you like the show?
I'm so sorry.
We're running late
to the airport.
- Thank you so much.
Oh. love you guys.
Love you guys.
Mwah.
Yes
This is the third room
Look at the veining.
Wow. this rose marble.
Look at the detail
in that crystal work.
It's like
a million little winks.
I've never found
glass handles like this
on any bath caddy
that I have ever used.
- Very intentional.
- Oh. I am hearing that
we have sold out
once again.
Oh. my goodness!
We are a team.
That's incredible.
Someone's been a bad boy.
- Have you been a bad boy?
- Ho. ho. ho.
He called me a ho.
Have you been
naughty or nice?
Yes
This is the third room
Goodnight. Ronnie.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app
Dinner's ready!
There you are. my darlings.
There you go.
You know
how I'm redoing
- the casino's east tower?
- Oh. yeah.
So. the contractor
double orders everything.
- Ooh.
- And what the hell am I supposed to do
with two tons of fertilizer?
Dump it on
Steve Wynn's doorstep.
Ha!
Bingo.
Come on.
You set me up.
Deb. 2.500 shows.
- Now. I think it's a Vegas record.
- It is.
- Well. then cheers.
- Cheers.
And they're naming
a street after you.
I know.
Deborah Vance Drive.
It'll probably be a dead end
with an abortion clinic on it.
Now that the big show's
all planned.
maybe it's a good time
to talk about the future.
You know you'll always
be a part
of the Palmetto's history.
But maybe.
it'd be good if you did
a few less shows a year.
Good for who?
Yeah. I need some marquee dates
for new acts.
like Pentatonix.
What the hell is that?
They're a beatbox-forward
acappella group.
They do medleys.
They...
won The Sing-Off.
Who gives a shit?
Look. I have
two buckets to fill.
families and idiots
in their 20s.
The families want to see
singing
and dancing.and the college kids
want to spend
a grand to watch a guy
in a helmet hit play on an iPod.
You're forgetting
about your third bucket.
people from Florida.
They love me.
and my numbers are strong.
You'll still be doing shows.
just not Friday and Saturday.
Oh. just
the most important nights.
Un-fucking-believable.
Deb.
why do you even want to do
a hundred plus shows a year?
It's not like
you're having fun.
I mean. you're
on cruise control up there.
- I fucking wish!
- All right.
I wish
I was on cruise control.
I've been playing defense
my entire career
thanks to assholes like you!
- Deborah. calm down. please.
- Oh. what do you care? You own the place.
The service sucks.
- Great.
- Where's my fucking doggy bag?
Okay. all right.
- I'll take his too.
- Okay.
And the fork!
There was a cockroach
in my salad!
Shit.
Comp everybody.
Okay.
I guess I should just
jump out the window.
Well. you'd probably just
break your legs
because there's that
12th floor terrace.
but if you're seriously
thinking of hurting yourself
I'm not.
Plus. I've told you
how I would kill myself
- a million times.
- Yeah.
I'd wear a suicide vest on...
- Watch What Happens Live.
- Very funny.
You can't get me a meeting
to write on anything?
I'm just done
because of one mistake?
Well. it was one mistake
and then a series of replies
where you doubled downed. Ava.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Here. you're dripping
on the leather.
I just got those chairs.
It was a whole thing.
I had to get approvals.
Look. you know I love your
strong female POV. Obsessed.
But maybe in the future.
you don't need to say
exactly how you're feeling
about everything
at all times.
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry if
I was unfiltered
and honest or whatever.
but that's literally what
people like about my writing.
Now... now all of a sudden.
it's a problem?
- I mean. where's the line?
- I don't know.
Okay? All I do know is you need to
lay low for a while.
Yeah. I can't lay low.
I need to work.
You know I send money
to my parents.
and I just bought a house.
I thought it was
a townhouse.
Yeah. well. it cost
as much as a house house.
I hate to say this. but maybe
you should consider selling it.
I have.
I can't immediately relist it.
I'm gonna lose
a shit ton of money.
My realtor accidentally
CC-ed me on an email
- where she said she got me a bad deal.
- Oof.
Email's tricky.
This is probably just residual
Catholic guilt bullshit. but I...
I can't help feeling that this is
all punishment for getting fingered
at my Uncle Rocco's wake.
Okay. great example of what
I'm talking about. Ava.
I never need to know
where you've been fingered.
You don't know where
a woman gets fingered?
Ava.
Please. I'm really
trying here. okay?
I've called everybody.
But.
I'm sorry.
Nobody seems interested
in helping you right now.
- Also don't vape in here. It's all glass.
- It's not...
Just vape outside.
Wait one minute.
This is so unfair.
Would a hug make
you feel better?
I can't technically touch you
without someone else present.
We had a meeting about it. but...
Hi. dude.
- Hi.
- Um. you told me to. like. interrupt you
when more important
clients call.
and Deborah Vance
is on the line and. like.
she's not. like.
as important.
- So. I'm just. like. kinda giving you a heads up.
- Okay.
Kayla. can you set her up
somewhere comfortable. please?
Absolutely.
Follow me. chica.
We're right in the middle
of something.
Deborah. perfect timing.
How are you.
my favorite client?
Fucking Pentatonix?
Did you know
about this. Jimmy?
Do I know the Pentatonix?
Ye... Yes. love 'em.
I voted for 'em
on The Sing-Off.
Marty wants to cut my dates.
He blindsided me at lunch.
that...
dickless snake.
Oh. he says he needs to appeal
to a younger crowd.
You gotta do something
about this. Jimmy.
Okay. I will call Morty.
Marty!
Marty. yes.
But. um. I have a pitch.
What if you hire a writer?
I actually represent
a very in-demand young woman.
She wrote for a hit show. uh.
nominated for an Emmy. almost.
everybody is talking
about her.
I write my own material.
I do not need a writer.
I need a manager.
- Uh-huh.
- Your father would've handled this.
He promised me
you'd take care of me.
Don't make your dead father
a liar. Jimmy.
So. that was Deborah Vance.
and I have incredible news.
She is intrigued
by the idea of you
writing jokes for her.
The QVC muumuu lady?
They're caftans.
Didn't she. like.
burn her husband's
house down?
Yes.
Yeah. no fucking way.
She's a legend. She's one of
the biggest earners at this company.
and you just said
you need to work.
- I do. but come on.
- So...
I'm not gonna go write
knock-knock jokes
about how men don't put
the toilet seat down.
I'm not that desperate.
Respectfully.
as your manager.
right now.
you are that desperate.
I know you think
you've called everyone.
but I actually have a lot
of friends who will help me.
so. I guess I'll just
handle this on my own.
Ava. come on.
- Girly. do you need validation?
- Yeah.
Oh. God.
Crap. girl.
That's gonna take me a minute.
That's fine.
Don't worry about it.
Bill. can you get Kelly
to help me?
Now you gotta find
another place to stay
Just the way
The way you lie
is not okay
Damien!
I need you to go
to the computer store!
Darling. what you waiting
there for?
I got you alone
but I don't wanna go
Oh. shit.
And. darling.
what you waiting there...
Yeah. he's an actor. He says
he's shooting some Richard Linklater movie.
but I guess we won't know
if that's true for. like. 20 years.
Oh. my God.
Hey. Taylor.
Ava.
- Hey.
- How are you? It's been forever.
How's. uh.
the husband?
- Mark?
- Yeah.
He's my ex-husband now.
Oh. fuck... him then.
His loss. obviously.
Thank you.
- Hi.
- Okay.
Ava. this is my mom.
We're actually just
having lunch before
she heads back to the airport.
Oh. my God.
Your mom?
No. impossible.
Your sister.
Look at that skin.
Get this bitch on Raya!
Oh. my God.
So. congrats on season two.
So cool.
Are... are you guys hiring?
Oh. not even thinking
about that yet.
Really? 'Cause I heard you're taking meetings...
...and I would love
to work with you.
I mean. you know. obviously.
I've been going through a lot.
and I could really use a job.
Ma'am.
you're blocking the driveway
to Tommy Hilfiger.
Oh. no. that's...
that's not mine.
I... I don't drive.
I don't have a car.
I saw you do it.
You're holding the keys.
Ava. why don't we
just talk next week. 'kay?
You know. I would love to.
but you haven't really responded
to any of my texts or emails.
so I would just love to talk right now.
Okay. fine.
Ava. I can't hire you. Okay?
I'm sorry. but I have
to protect the show.
- I'm just gonna get that.
- No. I got it. I'm going.
So. I make one stupid joke.
and everyone just turns on me?
This is so fucked up.
I thought
we were friends.
Did you?
Because you barely talked to me
until I got a show. so...
I don't remember it that way.
Yeah. I'm sure you don't.
Listen. I know this seems like
the worst thing in the world.
but it's really not.
Hey!
Move your shitbox car. bitch.
or I'll fucking kill you!
I'm sorry.
You really do
have amazing skin.
Deborah?
Yes?
I'm sorry to bother you.
Uh...
Your sister's on the phone.
How the hell
did she get my number?
No.
Beloved entertainer
and producer. Frank Vance.
died today at the age of 74
in his Monterey home.
Vance's career began in 1973
with the CBS sitcom
Who's Making Dinner?
which he starred in with his
then wife. Deborah Vance.
The couple made headlines
when they divorced
after Deborah Vance
set fire...
I can't believe
they used that photo.
Do you wanna maybe
take tonight off?
Why would I do that?
Ladies. have you ever noticed
that men seem to feel entitled
to sex on their birthday?
No. thanks.
You know. a word of advice.
Next time. marry a guy
born on leap day.
You know what I mean?
You know. a leap day.
leap year every four years.
Yeah. never mind.
I'm falling
In and out of love
Thinking about you
every day
It's you I'm dreaming of
You know I've flown
the world around
Searching from above
- Hey.
Have a good night.
Hey.
What?
Talk to you
when I'm down
Won't forget it
Wait. do you have a condom?
Um...
I think so.
Tears ofjoy
You're stringing me along
Near and far
- You look so hot.
- I have one somewhere.
Shit.
The sun won't shine
when you're away
Candles in the dark
Why would they put
the kitchen shit up here?
Oh. shit.
Is that a Vitamix?
Hello?
Hey. I tried you
a few times last night.
Oh. sorry.
I was fucking my Postmate.
Okay. I'm going to choose
to ignore that.
So. Deborah wants to meet.
I know you don't think
she's cool.
but I really think
you should reconsider.
- Hey. mama.
- You know. it's a job.
Work begets work.
I know you really need
something right now.
so I don't know.
I think it could be worth it
if you just give it a try.
I'll do it.
Really?
That's great.
Okay. um.
could you meet today?
All right. fine.
Do I have to go all the way
to Beverly Hills or something?
Um...
No.
Welcome to Las Vegas.
Nevada.
The current temperature
is 111 degrees.
Oh. babe
We're gonna love tonight
- Jimmy.
- Hey. hey. Marcus.
How's my favorite CEO?
- COO.
Yes. Chief Operating Officer.
You go off. king.
Um. listen.
I need a favor.
How scared should I be?
Look. I'm sending
a writer to Las Vegas.
but Deborah is unaware.
You know if she wants to keep her dates.
she's gotta do something.
- Uh-huh.
- It could be good. It could be good.
It could be bad.
but it could be good.
La la la la la la
La la la la la
La la la
La la la la la la la
La la la la la
La la la
Holy shit.
La la la la
We need a wealth tax.
Hi.
You can wait in here.
Would you like something
to drink while you wait?
We have coffee. tea. iced tea.
lemonade. Diet Coke.
regular Coke.
Coke Zero. Tab...
Um. I'll just
I'll just take a water.
Okay. We have Pellegrino.
Perrier.
Acqua Panna. Voss...
I'll just take tap.
The Acqua Panna is the best.
Okay. I'll have that.
Okay.
Deborah. a girl is here
from Jimmy.
a redhead.
- What?
- Okay. Jimmy did send that writer.
- That little shit.
- I know. but listen. we may be able
to use this
to stall Marty on the dates.
It's just for optics.
Just sit down with her.
Hi. I'm Ava.
It's so nice to meet...
Sit. sit.
You know. I've actually
never been to Vegas.
Do you ever get used
to this heat?
Yes.
- So. Jimmy tells me that you're a very talented...
- No. let go of it! Mom!
Mom. they're being insane.
They're not letting me leave.
Sorry. apparently.
she won't let Josefina see.
Oh. my God.
There's nothing in here.
Give.
Fine.
You see the shit
I gotta put up with?
Unbelievable.
They're antibiotics.
I've got a fuckin' UTI.
okay. everybody?
I'm so sorry
I didn't feel like broadcasting
to the whole world.
but you got me.
You got me. detectives.
I need relief
from my horrific
urethra pain.
okay? Everybody happy now?
Not happy. no.
Just glad to see you're getting
your fluids. sweetheart.
You'll have to excuse her.
She has a UTI.
That's fine.
Oh. and her father just died.
Oh. my God.
I'm so sorry.
Are... Are you okay?
Me?
Thrilled.
So. why are you here?
Oh. um. well. obviously
it would be a huge honor
to work with someone like you
who's been working so...
successfully for so long.
I mean. you're...
a legend.
- Wow. a legend.
- Yeah.
So. you're a fan?
I mean. of course.
Would I be here if I wasn't?
What's your favorite
joke of mine?
Man. you know...
That's so hard.
Well. it shouldn't be.
I've written over 30.000.
Just pick one.
Uh. you know what?
I would have to say
that your TV show
is my personal favorite thing
that you've ever done.
You mean my sitcom
from 1973?
You've seen it?
Oh. yeah.
I mean I've... Yeah.
I've seen...
Um. clips.
Clips?
Wonderful.
Uh. yeah. well. um.
you know. a lot of the actors
on the show
that I most recently worked on
were standups
You know. I'm gonna stop you
right there.
I don't work with writers.
- You don't?
- No.
Jimmy sent you
against my wishes.
I'm gonna kill him.
No. I'm gonna kill him.
Great. well. this sucks.
Yeah. sucks.
Well. but at least you didn't waste
too much time researching me.
I'm sorry.
Did I do something
to offend you?
Other than walk those chimney
sweep boots on my silk rug?
Um. no.
Sorry. I...
I didn't realize it was
a shoes-off situation.
Well. it's shoe-dependent.
Thank you for your time.
Good luck with your career.
honey.
Fucking bitch.
Excuse me.
Did you have
something else to say?
Yeah.
You've just been
pretty rude.
and I dropped everything
to come here.
Oh. Christ.
Oh. you wanted a gold star
just for showing up.
Kinda. yeah.
Because you're right.
I'm not a fan of yours.
You caught me.
This is all just
a little fucking annoying
because I flew
all the way here
on Spirit fucking Airlines
even though I didn't want
this job in the first place.
I mean.
the last thing on Earth
I want to do
is move to the desert
to write some lame jokes
for an old hack.
I think you better leave.
- Yeah.
- Can I show you to the door.
or would you like
to go back up the chimney?
Oh. no.
I know my way out.
By the way. so cool
they let you move
into a Cheesecake Factory.
Oh. is that where
you wait tables?
- That seems like a better fit.
- Oh. yeah.
I agree. you classist monster.
I'd rather sling
Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp
all day than work here.
I mean.
fuck. What is this?
50 tassels on one couch?
Even Liberace would think
it's a bit much.
Oh. no. you're incorrect.
He actually loved it.
He did poppers
on that couch in '85.
Cool.
I'm glad Liberace's butthole
was nice and loose in your house.
Maybe you should've joined him
since yours
is obviously tight as fuck.
Oh. hey. before I leave.
did you want
to inspect my bag?
Maybe I should just
piss in a cup.
You know what?
I'm gonna go ahead. I'm just gonna
leave a stool sample on your lawn.
Okay.
Why are you really here?
If you're so "in demand."
why are you meeting with me?
Because I can't get
any other job. okay?
I tweeted a joke
about that closeted senator
who's sending his son
to conversion therapy camp
or whatever.
and everybody freaked out.
And then some other asshole
dug up some stupid shit I said
when I was. like. 20 years old.
and I lost my deal.
And now no one will hire me.
including you apparently.
So. yeah. my life
is pretty much ruined.
Oh. your life is ruined?
Please. it sounds like
a Tuesday for me.
Besides. you're just a writer.
No one cares.
Well. actually.
people really do care.
It's been a huge
fucking problem for me.
Hmm.
So. what was it?
This joke that supposedly
ruined your life.
I gotta hear it.
Senator Rogers is upset
because he found out
his kid is gay.
Apparently. he heard it
from one of the guys
he was sucking off
in the Senate cloak room.
Yeah. I don't even
do jokes like that.
I was just trying to call him
out for being a hypocrite
because he was caught
with a male escort.
It didn't help that
it was a slow news day.
but I... I guess
I crossed a line or whatever.
Oh. honey. no.
There is no line.
It's just not funny.
I mean. you should
be blacklisted
for how bad that joke is.
Cool. thank you so much
for having me.
I'm glad we did this.
I am starting to see
why your husband left you
for your own sister now.
Bye-bye.
Oh. my God.
Holy shit.
What is she doing?
What the fuck?
Oh. my God.
Sending your son to the woods
with a bunch of other horny. gay teens.
The only thing you're gonna
convert him to is from
a top to a bottom.
- Okay.
- Now. that's a better joke.
Oh. my God. That's why
you almost just killed me?
Wait. wait. wait. No. no. no.
We keep it on the dad.
Uh. Senator Rogers
has been
in the closet so long.
his wife keeps trying
to donate him to Goodwill.
Okay. to be clear.
these are all problematic. but...
what if it's something like
Senator Rogers has been in the closet
so long. all his friends are mothballs?
Mothballs.
Senator Rogers has been
in the closet so long.
he shits mothballs.
- Yeah. that's pretty good.
- Yeah. that's it. That's it.
Okay. um. can I go now?
No. No. you're hired.
Wait. what?
I said I didn't want the job.
Yeah. well. you need it.
Write me 20 jokes
before tomorrow morning.
Oh. and nothing about pantyhose
or the Challenger explosion.
I've done 'em all.
What the fuck just happened?
Ow! Fire
Fire
I'm on fire
Lord. you set me on fire
Your touch
is all it takes. baby
To start the fire in me
You the one
that can turn me on
Like a TV
When you look at me. baby
You know my lips
can't speak
Like a cube of ice
on a red hot stove
I melt
from your burning heat
I'm on fire
Fire
Oh. I'm on fire
Lord. you set me on fire
When you talk that sweet talk
I burn like water on fire
And when you kiss my lips. boy
You burn like a red hot wire
Fire
Lord. I'm on fire
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-